Adds provider, model vars docs to README (#88)
manubot/manubot-ai-editor: README.md

1. If you haven't already, follow the directions above to create an account and get an API key for your chosen model provider.
1. In your fork's "⚙️ Settings" tab, make a new Actions repository secret with the name `PROVIDER_API_KEY` and paste in your API key as the secret.

If you prefer to select less options when running the workflow, you can optionally set up default values for the

> model provider and model at either the repo or organization level.

Author: Right, thanks for the reminder. I made a few changes to put sentences on one line, and I'll make the rest on the lines I changed in this PR once I commit your suggestions.

> model provider and model at either the repo or organization level.

Author: I believe I got all the sentences reformatted that I added in this PR, so I'll resolve this for now.

> In your fork's "⚙️ Settings" tab, you can optionally create the folllowing Actions repository variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your fork's "⚙️ Settings" tab you can optionally create the following Actions repository variables:
```

Author: Nice catch!

- `AI_EDITOR_MODEL_PROVIDER`: Either "openai" or "anthropic"; sets this as the default if "(repo default)" was selected
  in the workflow parameters. If this is unspecified and "(repo default)" is selected, the workflow will throw an error.
- `AI_EDITOR_LANGUAGE_MODEL`: For the given provider, what model to use if the "model" field in the workflow parameters

>   was left empty. If this is unspecified, Manubot AI Editor will select the default model for your chosen provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . If this repository variable is unspecified, Manubot AI Editor will select the default model for your chosen provider.
```

### Multiple Providers

In case you want to use several providers in the same repo, you'll have to register an API key for each provider you
intend to use.
Like `PROVIDER_API_KEY`, these keys are also registered as secrets, and can be specified at either the repository or
organizational level.

We currently support the following secrets, with more to follow as we integrate more providers:
- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: the API key for the "openai" provider

> - `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`: the API key for the "anthropic" provider

Author: There is; it's further down in the document in the "Using from the command line" subsection. Good idea to add a link to it here, too, though, since it elaborates on how API keys are resolved.
